# A Man for All Markets

1. The surest way to get rich is to play only those gambling games or make those investments where I have an edge. 
2. Acknowledgment, applause, and honor are welcome and add zest to life but they are not ends to be pursued. What matters is what you do and how you do it, the quality of the time you spend, and the people you share it with.
3. When first start at Las Vegas, I had calculated 50-500 to be the highest we could bet safely with our 10k bankroll. Betting only at a level at which I was emotionally comfortable and not advancing until I was ready, enabled me to play my system with a calm and disciplined accuracy. This lesson from the blackjack tables would prove invaluable thorughout my investment life-time as the stakes grew ever larger. 
4. Sometimes, the Ten-Count System had shown moderately heavy losses mixed iwth "lucky" streaks of the most dazzling brilliance. I learned later that this was a characteristic of a random series of favorable bets. And I would see it again and again in real life in both the gambling and the investment worlds. 
5. I stop play when moderated win to avoid notice, also stop playing after a moderate loss in cases of cheating that we hadn't detected. Mathematically, interruptions didn't matter, because my lifetime of playing was just one long series of hands, and chopping it into sessions and playing them at various times and in various casinos should not affect my edge, nor the long-run amount I could expect to win. 
6. Gambling is investing simplified. Both can be analyzed using mathematics, statistics, and computers. Each requires money management, choosing the proper balance between risk and return. Betting too much, even though each individual bet is in your favor, can be ruinous. 
7. Do not assume that what investors call momentum, a long streak of either rising or falling prices, will continue unless you can make a sound case that it will.
8. When the interests of the salesmen and promoters differ from those of the client, the client had better look out for himself. This is the well-known agency problem in economics. 
9. The defect of VaR(Value at Risk) alone is that it doesn't fully account for the worst 5 percent of expected cases. But these extreme events are where ruin is to be found. It's also true that extreme changes in securities prices may be much greater than you would expect from the Gaussian or normal statistics commonly used.
10. When asking person A how it felt to know that person B might have made more money in one day than person A's since he written the book. Person A said he had something the rich man could never have, **the knowledge that I've got enough.** 
11. Having once known Ned well, I thought back to get more insight into why he believed in Madoff. In my opinion Ned was not a crook(bad, dishonesty). Instead, he suffered from so-called cognitive dissonance. That's where you want to believe something enough that you simply reject any information to the contrary. Like Nicotine addicts will often deny that smoking endangers their health. 
12. When bargin the price, it doesn't pay to push the other party to their absolute limit. A small extra gain is generally not worth the substantial risk the deal will break up. 
13. The reporter usually make errors that he thought statistical noise meant something. Then offer explanations for insignificant price changes is a recurrent event in financial reporting. The reporters often don't know whether a fluctuation is statistically common or rare. People tend to make the error of seeing patterns or explanations when there aren't any. The plethora of worthless pattern-based trading methods, and much of story-based investing.
14. Every stock market system with an edge is necessarily limited in the amount of money it can use and still produce extra returns. One reason is that buying undervalued securities tends to raise the price, reducing or eliminating the mispricing, and selling short overpriced securities tends to lower the price, once again shrinking the mispricing. Thus, opportunities for beating the market are limited in size by how trading them affects market prices. 
15. Tax-exempt investors ought to consider swapping their active investments in equities into a broad no-load index fund, unless they have strong reasons to believe their current investments give them a significant edge. In my experience, superior stock-picking ability is rare, which means almost everyone should make the switch. 
16. 


