# Beyond Feelings: A Guide to Critical Thinking

1. Your place of birth, upbringing, culture, and background shape your initial reactions to people, issues, or situations. **Treat your first reaction as tentative**. No matter how appealing it may be, refuse to embrace it until you've taken a closer look.
2. Examine why you reacted the way you did. Did you borrow the reaction from someone (a parent, friend, or celebrity)? What specific experiences conditioned you to respond in this manner?
3. Consider alternative responses you might have had to the person, issue, or situation. Reflect on whether a different reaction might be more fitting than your initial one. Resist the influence of your conditioning.
4. Feeling is a subjective response that reflects emotion, sentiment, or desire; it generally occurs spontaneously rather than through a conscious mental act. Our minds feel angry when we are insulted, afraid when we are threatened, compassionate when see a picture of a starving child. The feeling arises automatically. The feeling is useful in directing our attention to matters we should think about, However, a single surrender to feeling might forever stain your career. Soccer final season, Zidane viciously head-butted an Italian player. 
5. Thinking is a conscious mental process performed to solve a problem, make a decision, or gain understanding.
6. Shouting and interrupting are rude and disrespectful behaviors, they are also a sign of intellectual insecurity. If you believe your ideas are sound, you will have no need to raise your voice or silence the other person. 
7. Opinion can be corrupted by four errors:
   - tendency to perceive selectively or rush to judgment or oversimplify complex realities.
   - tendency to error associated with one's individual habits of mind or attitudes, beliefs, or theories(members of a race or religion).
   - Errors that come from human communication and the limitations of language
   - Errors in the general fashion of an age (grandparents' day to accept authority unquestioningly)
8. To avoid "Mine is Better", be alert when you feel very pleasant, favorable sensations, the desire to embrace a statement or argument immediately, without appraising it further. Or very unpleasant, negative sensations, the desire to attack and denounce a statement or argument.
9. A woman cut off roast into small slices before cooking it, when asked why she did this, she said she did it because her mother, tracing to her grandmother, the final reason is that's the only way it would fit in my pot. Three generations of "mindlessness". We prefer patterns of behavior that we know, ideas we're comfortable with, and resistance to change.
10. Sterotypers never escape the crippling effects of their fixation(Jews as responsible for periods of economic instability, Italians as responsible for organized crime). Indeed, they are often its most pathetic victims. Stereotyping cuts them off from reality and cripples their thinking. When they believe that entire groups of people fit into neat categories, they believe a lie that will in time invade and infect their thinking on all related subjects.
11. Hasty Conclusions: Some people's major concern in thinking is convenience. They are afraid of arduous analysis and rattled by complexity. People habitually escalate every statement to a higher level of generalization. "A teenager was behaving boisterously in the supermarket yesterday" becomes "Today's teenagers are very boisterous." In a thousand different ways, "one" becomes "many" or "all" and "once" becomes "often" or "always"
12. How one's preferences can influence one's judgment. Two people notice an acquaintance dining with a woman at a late dinner and that woman is not the man's wife. The first person had several affairs himself and assumed other people behave similarly. The second likes to think well of people. But neither conclusion is reasonable in the absence of additional evidence, both are hasty conclusions. In this case, the only reasonable reaction is not to draw any conclusion at this time.
13. Once we form any conclusion, our curiosity in the matter is diminished. We make up our minds and before we can even entertain a different conclusion. Resistance to change and face-saving make that difficult. 
14. Avoid Absolutism, the situations we must deal with are often ambiguous and messy. The best that can be achieved is probability rather than certainty.
15. Avoid Either-Or thinking, keep the present welfare system vs eliminate the system entirely. People hold extreme views, total affirmation or total rejection. This perspective denies us the opportunity even to consider more moderate views.
16. page 119
