# The Black Swan

1. Before the discovery of Australia, people were convinced that all swans were white. It illustrates a severe limitation to our learning from observations or experience and the fragility of our knowledge. One single observation can invalidate a general statement derived from millennia of confirmatory sightings of millions of white swans. All you need is one single black bird.
2. After 9/11, they add bunch of rules to prevent airplane hijack. However if this prevention is suggest before 9/11, no one will appreciate it or reward this kind of acts.
3. Read books are far less valuable than unread ones. The library should contain as much of what you do not know.
4. Categorizing always produces reduction in true complexity. It is a manifestation of the black swan generator, any reduction of the world around us can have explosive consequences since it rules out some sources of uncertainty; it drives us to a misunderstanding of the fabric of the world.
5. I was totally incompetent in predicting market prices, but others did not know it, or did not know that they were taking massive risks. Most traders were just "picking pennies in front of a streamroller". Exposing themselves to the high-impact rare event yet sleeping like babies, unaware of it.
6. When people invent gramophone, the best singer could earn much more with less effort, however, the process of unfairness not started with gramophone(留声机), the evolution is scalable, the DNA that wins will reproduce itself, like a bestselling book or a successful record, and become pervasive. Other DNA will vanish. 
7. From the standpoint of the turkey, the nonfeeding of the one thousand and first day is a Black Swan. For the butcher, it is not, since its occurrence is expected. So you can see here that the Black Swan is a sucker's problem. 
8. Many people confuse the statement "almost all terrorists are Moslems" with "almost all Moslems are terrorists." Assume that the first statment is true, this would mean that only .001 percent of Moslems are terrorists. the Same confusion, most criminals come from ethnic subgroup, most of their ethnic subgroup are not criminals. If you tell people that the key to success is not always skills, they think that you are telling them that it is never skills, always luck. 
9. A diplomat will show you his "accomplishment", not what he filed to do. Mathematicians will try to convince you that their science is useful to society by pointing out instances where it proved helpful, not those where it was a waste of time.
10. The kind died and the queen died vs The king died, and then the queen died of grief. After we added information, we effectively reduced the dimension of the total. The second sentence is lighter to carry and easier to remember. As we can remember it with less effort, we can also sell it to others, this is the definition and function of a narrative. 
