# Early Retirement Extreme

1. Too weak to open a lid? Go buy a tool rather than exercise to become stronger. Want to barbecue, but don't have a grill? Go buy one instead of making a fire pit. Perhaps the best advice to overcoming this consumerist tendency to buy is to study alternative sources of information.
2. Debt, credit cards, car loan, mortgages allows people to buy more than they can presently afford in exchange for less income in the future. 
3. Business use debt as a leverage, consumers on the other hand use it investing in higher consumption. Because you use all the stuff you buy, the lack of return on assets to pay the interest means people must either work harder or longer for their consumption, and so they do.
4. Independence is not something one has, rather it is something that one is. This is good news, because it means that it is possible to change one's behavior and economic interactions in a way that fosters greater independence, or less, if so desired. The salary man can work on reducing his dependence on money, on a job by learning and creating alternative solutions. 
5. A financially irresponsible person doesn't become a millionaire by winning $1 million. He merely becomes a financially irresponsible person with $1 million, and eventually the lucky money will be gone. A person becomes a millionaire by becoming the sort of person who "deserves" $1 million. 
6. Many people spend more time maintaining their house and car than they do their health. Too many forget that they live in their body first and their home second. To be at home in the world is first to be at home in the body. After all, where else are you going to live? Hence, taking care of the body should take prioirty over taking care of the rest of the world. 
7. The lack of complex social structure has led to neighborhoods where each household has their own power mower that they use for 15 minutes a week to mow their postage stampsized lawn. 
