# High Output Management

1. Intel was founded on the DRAM business, when Intel gave up its DRAM business because of the attack from the Japanese(cheaper), It started to focus on microprocessor. This adjustment sounds quite logical, in reality, it required moving and re-deploying a lot of employees, letting some of them go, and shutting a number of factories. **They did all this because, under this strong attack, they must lead by their strength. Being second best in a tough global environment is just not good enough.**
2. As a manager, are you adding real value or merely passing information along? How do you add more value?
3. When an individual is not fulfilling their job responsibilities, there are typically two underlying factors at play: either they lack the necessary skills or they lack the motivation. In order to enhance an employee's performance, a manager's primary course of action should be to provide both motivation and training opportunities.
4. As a manager, three things need to be considered: the demands of the customer at a scheduled delivery time, at an acceptable quality level, and at the lowest possible cost.
5. In a perfect world, you don't want the customer to wait, whenever they arrive or whatever time they ask, you should have your product or service ready, but this means you need infinite inventory and a lot of idle resources which is impossible. The best you can do is construct your production flow by starting with the longest(or most difficult, or most sensitive, or most expensive) step and work way back. If boiling eggs takes the most time, focus on that first.
6. For any production operation, you have three components:
     - manufacturing, changing material, writing software, or creating new things.
     - assembly, components put together
     - test, chose in-process test over those that destroy the product. 
7. Whenever possible, you should choose in-process tests over those that destroy the product. Test earlier instead of the last minute on the final product.
8. Build on forecast, based on forecasted demand, developed in response to an anticipated market need, rather than to a specific customer order. It would be foolish to recruit only when a need develops.
9. You will need 3-5 key indicators, you want to know your sales forecast(demand), your current capacity, the difference between your plan and actual delivery, raw material inventory(human resource), condition of your equipment, and quality indicator.
10. Indicators tend to direct your attention, attention creates action. For example, you start measuring your inventory level and drive your inventory levels down. But if inventory is so lean, you can't react to changes in demand and create shortages. To guard against overreacting, you can pair indicators that both effect and counter-effect are measured. For example, monitoring both inventory levels and the incidence of shortages.
11. You measure a salesman by the orders he gets(output), not by the calls he makes(activity)
12. Products are typically developed in response to an anticipated market need rather than to specific customer orders. So 'building' to forecast is a very common business practice. Manufacturers(Developers) need to make one forecast, and sales(Managers) need to make another forecast, trying to match the two as precisely as possible. If there's no match, we either end up with a customer order that we can't satisfy or with a finished product for which we have no customer.
13. To get acceptable quality at the lowest cost, it is vitally important to reject defective material as early as possible. We are better off catching a bad raw egg than a cooked one. POC is a way to reject earlier in software development.
14. The output of a manager is a result achieved by a group either under her supervision or under her influence.
15. As a manager, much of your day is spent acquiring information, when things aren't working as smoothly as they should, you apply a bit of oil. Your decision-making depends finally on how well you comprehend the facts and issues facing your business.
16. Presentation and reports are more a medium of self-discipline than a way to communicate information. Writing the report is important, but reading it often is not.
17. Manager is a role model for people in our organization, no single managerial activity can be said to constitute leadership, values and behavioral norms are simply not transmitted easily by talk or memo, but are conveyed very effectively by doing and doing visibly.
18. Two kinds of meetings
     - process-oriented, knowledge is shared and information is exchanged on a regularly scheduled basis. (one-on-one, staff meeting)
     - mission-oriented, solve a specific problem, produce a decision, ad hoc. Know what you want before calling a meeting.
19. For a staff meeting, talk about things that affect more than two of the people present. If the meeting degenerates into a conversation between two people, the supervisor should break it off and move on.
20. Meeting is expensive, an estimate of the dollar cost of a couple of managers + engineers, can easily be over $1000 per hour for the company. You usually need approval in advance to buy stuff this expensive, but how come you can set up meetings without any caution? It is criminal to allow people to be late and waste everyone's time. Just as you would not permit a fellow employee to steal a piece of office equipment worth $2000. 
21. Have an agenda, details to 15-30 mins what you will do and who is responsible for talking. At the end, summarize the discussion that occurred, the decision made and the actions to be taken.
22. You have to mix knowledge-power people with position-power people daily, and together they make decisions that could affect us for years to come.
23. Planning: Today's actions for tomorrow's output.
     - Environment, what your customers' expectations now and future, other groups performance(dependency). Do a difference analysis and how you react to this difference is the key outcome of the planning process.
     - Present status
     - What to do to close the gap
24. Good management rests on a reconciliation of centralization and decentralization. It might make sense to have a central marketing/finance department across the whole company and a Region division for factory management.
25. Our behavior in a work environment can be controlled by three means:
     - free-market forces, selfish, I want to get the best deal for myself
     - contractual obligations, when value is not easily defined, a group of people needs to accomplish a certain task.
     - cultural values, when the environment changes more rapidly than one can change rules. Shared a common set of values, objectives and methods.
26. You don't need management to supervise the workings of free-market forces. For contractual obligation, manager has a role in setting and modifying the rules, monitoring adherence to them, and evaluating and improving performance. For cultural values, management has to develop and nurture the common set of values, objectives and methods essential for the existence of trust.
27. The most important task of a manager is to improve the performance of his subordinates by training and motivating them, and giving performance reviews.
28. You can try to add competition to improve the performance.
29. The biggest problem with most reviews is that we don't usually define what it is we want from our subordinates, and, as noted earlier, if we don't know what we want, we are surely not going to get it. To make an assessment less difficult, a supervisor should clarify in his own mind in advance what it is that he expects from a subordinate.
30. When reviewing a manager, should you be judging his performance or the performance of the group under his supervision? You should be doing both. Ultimately what you are after is the performance of the group, but the manager is there to add value, you must ask, is he doing anything with his group? Is he hiring new people, training the people he has, and improving the output of the team in the future?
31. When reviewing the best people, you should focus on improving the future performance, the current rate is already high and well-written, however often reviews make little or no attempt to define what the subordinate needs to do to improve his performance or even to maintain his current level. Instead of writing a lot for poor performance people about how they should improve, we should focus on our best people, they account for a disproportionately large share of the work in an organization.
32. Give your subordinate a written review sometime before the face-to-face discussion. He can react or overreact, by the time you get together, he will be much more prepared emotionally and rationally.
33. During an interview, after you ask a question, a nervous person might go on and on with his answer after you've lost interest. You should interrupt and stop him, because if you don't, you are wasting your only asset-the interview time. You only have 1-3 hours to decide if this person is good to contribute 2000+ hours a year. High leverage.
34. When people tell you they want to quit, you need to deal with it right at the first mention. Otherwise, you'll confirm his feelings(he is not important) and the outcome is inevitable. Ask him why he is quitting, let him talk, don't argue about anything with him. He's rehearsed his speech countless times before he reach you. At begining, his reason for wanting to leave won't be good ones, ask him more questions. Make him talk, because after the prepared points are delivered, the real issues may come out. don't lecture and panic. You can not win the war during first talk, but you can lose it. You have to convey to him by what you do that he is important to you and you have to find out what is really troubling him. Don't try to change his mind at this point, but buy time. After he said all he has to say, ask for whatever time you feel is necessary to prepare yourself for the next round. And you have to follow through on whatever you've committed yourself to do.
35. Why you should put yourself out to keep an employee whom you are going to lose. Because you owe it to your employer to save an employee for the company.
36. Employee might say he forced you to give him what he wants and if he stay, BOSS'll think he as the blackmailer forever. You have to make him feel comfortable with new arrangement. You didn't blackmail us into doing anything we shouldn't have done. When you almost quit, you shook us up and made us aware of the error of our ways. We are just doing what we should have done without any of this happening. 
