# Secrets of the Millionaire Mind

1. If you're not doing as well as you'd like, all that means is there's something you don't know. You thought you knew pretty well everything, but your bank account said something different. So you better began to listen, how rich people think.
2. If things aren't going well in your outer life, it's because things aren't going well in your inner life. 
3. Have you noticed how some people have a lot of money and then lose it? On the outside, it looks like bad luck, a bad economy, a lousy partner, whatever, on the inside, if you come into big money when you're not ready for it on the inside, the chances are your wealth will be short-lived and you will lose it.
4. Money is a result, wealth is a result, health is a result, illness is a result, your weight is a result. We live in a world of cause and effect. 
5. Have you ever heard someone assert that a lack of money was a bit of a problem? A lack of money is never, ever a problem. A lack of money is merely a symptom of what is going on underneath.  
6. When you see other people make a lot of money and you come up with negative thoughts, or resentment about the person, before the energy took you over, cancel the thought, and drown out that voice of resentment. Turn around and say you rock! you should've got more money, good for you, you're incredible and you deserve it. The problem is not other people got rich, the problem is you, your opinions make no difference to rich people's happiness or wealth, but rich people do make a difference to your happiness and wealth. Thoughts enter your mind and be empowering or disempowering to your happiness and success. 
7. Never have a ceiling on your income, if you choose to get paid for your time, you are pretty much killing your chances for wealth. Talk to your boss, get paid by the specific result, commission. percentage of revenue. 
8. If you want to create wealth, it is imperative that you believe that you are at the steering wheel of your life, especially your financial life. 
9. Never complain, because you complain that your life is so crappy, shut up.. and don't stand near me! Negative energy is infectious, **I promise for the next month, to not complain at all, not just out loud, but in my head as well**. don't blame others, no need to justify or give excuses. 
10. If your goal is to be comfortable, chances are you'll never get rich. But if your goal is to be rich, chances are you'll end up mighty comfortable.
11. The purpose of our lives is to add value to the people of this generation and those that follow.
12. If you want to get rich, focus on making, keeping, and investing your money. If you want to be poor, focus on spending your money.
13. Don't bother trying to get negative people to change, That's not your job. Your job is to use what you've learned to better yourself and your life. Be the model, be successful, be happy, then maybe--they'll see the light in you and want some of it. Energy is contagious. If you can remain true to your values while others around you are full of doubt and even condemnation, you'll grow faster and stronger. Practice reframing other people's negativity as a reminder of how not to be. The more negative they are, the more reminders you have. Don't tell them this, just do it without condemning them for how they are. If you begin to judge, criticize and put them down for who they are and what they do, then you are no better than them.
14. Birds of a feather flock together.
15. The size of the problem is never the issue--what matters is the size of you! If you have a big problem in your life, all that means is that you are being a small person! Stop focusing on the size of your problems and start focusing on the size of you!
16. Any money you find or receive should enthusiastically be celebrated. "I'm a money magnet, Thank you!" This goes for money you find on the ground, for money you get as a gift, the universe is set up to support you(outside) and give you more money if your mind believes you are a money magnet(inside).
17. When it comes to money, people in our society typically ask, "How much do you make?" Seldom do you hear the question "What is your net worth?"
18. Poor people work hard and spend all their money, which results in their having to work hard forever. Rich people work hard, save, and then invest their money so they never have to work hard again.
19. Get off the salary treadmill and ask to be paid based fully or partially on your performance.
20. Don't wait to buy real estate, buy real estate and wait.
21. Rich people act in spite of fear, poor people let fear stop them. Thoughts lead to feelings, feelings lead to actions, and actions lead to results. There are tons of tools(affirmations, visualizations, meditations), but none of them on their own is going to bring you real money. Thoughts and feelings are the inner world, results are the outer world. Action is the "bridge" between the inner world and the outer world.
22. The only time you are actually growing is when you are uncomfortable, instead of retreating back into your old comfort zone, say I must be growing and continue moving forward.
23. Comfort zone = Wealth zone, by expanding your comfort zone, practice going into your uncomfortable zone and doing what scares you.
24. Break the arrow with your throat, and demonstrate how the steel point goes into the soft part of your throat, can this feat be accomplished? Yes, Is it scary? You bet. Is it uncomfortable? Absolutely. But again, the idea is that fear and discomfort do not stop you. The idea is to practice, to train yourself to do whatever it takes, and to act in spite of anything that might be in your way.
25. Training and managing your own mind is the most important skill you could ever own, you will pay for negative thoughts, you will pay in money, in energy, in time, in health, and in your level of happiness. Divide your thoughts into two categories--empowering or disempowering. Choose to entertain only empowering thoughts while refusing to focus on disempowering ones. When a nonsupportive thought bubbles up, say "Cancel" and replace it with a more supportive way of thinking. If you practice, your life will never be the same again.
26. Some people use positive thinking to pretend that everything is rosy, when they actually believe that it's not. With power thinking, everything is neutral, and nothing has meaning except for the meaning we give it.
27. The goal of creating wealth is not primarily to have a lot of money, the goal of creating wealth is to help you grow yourself into the best person you can possibly be. In fact, that is the goal of all goals, to grow yourself as a person.
28. You put 10% of your income into an Education fund. Use this money specifically for courses, books tapes. We can start with $1000 a year. 
