1. I don't want to work all my life.
2. I don't want what my parents aspired for, which was job security and a house in the suburbs.
3. I don't like being an employee. I hated it when I worked hard all my life and the government took most of what I worked for.
4. I want to be free to travel the world and live in the lifestyle I love. I want to be young when I do this.
5. I want to simply be free. I want control over my time and my life.
6. I want money to work for me.
7. Finding your path in life is your goal in life. 
8. A high school teacher ask Warren Buffett what the important things he will teach those students, Warren said when he at age 16, the only thing he think of is girl wasn't going out with him, so he was down to cars. Let's assume a genie appeared and offer any car you want tomorrow. And having heard the genie stories before, you say to the genie, "What's the catch?"， “Well, there is just one, the car you going to get tomorrow morning, is the only car you're ever going to get for the whole life.” What you gonna do knowing that's the only car you're going to have for the rest of your life? You read the owner's manual many times, keep it garaged, change oild twice as often as they tell you to do, keep tires inflated properly and etc. In other words, you make sure that this car of your dream at age 16 is still be the car of your dreams at age 50 or 60, because you treat it as the only one you'll ever get in your lifetime. And then I would suggest to your students that they are going to get exactly one mind and one body, and that's the mind and body they're going to have at age 40 and 50 and 60. And they should treat the importance of taking care and maximizing that mind, and taking care ofthat body in a way, that when they get to be 50 - 70, they've got a real asset instead of something that's rusted and been ignored over the years. And it will be too late to think about that when they're 60 or 70. You can't repair the car back into the shape it was. You can maintain it. And in the case of a mind, you can enhance it in a very big way over time. But the most important asset your students have is themselvers.
