# The Most Important Thing

1. Experience is what you got when you didn't get what you wanted. The most valuable lessons are learned in tough time.
2. Your goal in investing isn't to earn average return(index ETF will give you that easily), you want to do better than average. Thus, your thinking has to be 
better than that of others--both more powerful and at a higher level. Since other investors may be smart, well-informed and highly computerized, you must find an edge they don't have. You must thinking of something they haven't thought of, see things they miss or bring insight they don't prossess. You have to react differently and behave differently. In short, being right may be a necessary condition for investment success, but it won't be sufficient. You must be more right than others ... which by definition means your thinking has to be different. Once you come up an appealing investment idea, the first test is "Who doesn't know that?"
3. For every person who gets a good buy in an inefficient market, someone else sells too cheap. One of the great sayings about poker is that "In every game there's a fish. If you've played for 45 minutes and haven't figured out who the fish is, then it's you."
4. To get higher returns, all you have to do is make riskier investments? This can't be true, because if riskier investments could be counted on to produce higher returns, they wouldn't be riskier. 
5. The choice isn't really between value and growth, but between value today and value tomorrow. 
6. It's hard to consistently do the right thing as an investor. But it's impossible to consistently do the right thing at the right time.
7. Everyone hopes a buyer will come along who's willing to overpay for what they have for sale. But certainly the hoped-for arrival of this sucker can't be counted on. Unlike having an underpriced asset move to its fair value, expecting appreciation on the part of fairly priced or overpriced asset requires irrationality on the part of buyers that absolutely cannot be considered dependable.
8. In order to attract capital, riskier investments have to offer the prospect of higher returns, or higher promised returns, or higher expected returns. But there's absolutely nothing to say those higher prospective returns have to materialized. 
9. Risk means more things can happen than will happen, risk will be low only if investors behave prudently.
10. Over a full career, most investors' results will be determined more by how many losers they have, and how bad they are, than by the greatness of their winners.
11. Rule number one: most things will prove to be cyclical. Rule number two: some of the greatest opportunities for gain and loss come when other people forget rule number one.
12. You can't predict, you can prepare.
13. The risk of losing money and the risk of missiong opportunity. In 2005 - early 2007, with things going so swimmingly, few people imagined that losses could lie ahead. People only worry was that they might miss an opportunity and weren't concerned about losing money, they didn't insist on low purchase prices. Then in late 2007 and 2008, with the credit crisis in full flower, no one worried about missing opportunity, people worried only about losing money. 
14. The fourth psychological contributor to investor error is the tendency to conform to the view of the herd rather than resist
15. In the world of investing most people find it terribly hard to sit by and watch while others make more money than they do. 
16. All bubbles start with a modicum of truth, the seed of truth for the scenario described lay in technology's very real potential. The fertilizer came from the attendant bullish rationales. And the supercharging came from the price appreciation that was taking place and looked unstoppable.
17. You must do things not just because they're the opposite of what the crowd is doing, but because you know why the crowd is wrong. Only then will you be able to hold firmly to your views and perhaps buy more as your positions take on the appearance of mistakes and as losses accrue rather than gains. 
18. During the crisis, lots of bad things seemed possible, but that didn't mean they were going to happen. In times of crisis, people fail to make that distinction.
19. That's too good to be true, in 2008, that's too bad to be true.
20. It's our job as contrarians to catch falling knives, hopefully with care and skill. That's why the concept of intrinsic value is so important. If we hold a view of value that enables us to buy when everyone else is selling--and if our view turns out to be right--that's the route to the greatest rewards earned with the least risk.
21. You'll do better if you wait for investments to come to you rather than go chasing after them. If we call the owner and say we want to buy it, the price will go up. But if the owner call us and says we're stuck with X and we're looking for an exit, the price will go down. Thus, rather than initiaiting transcations, we prefer to react opportunistically. 
22. There are two kinds of people who lose money: those who know nothing and those who know everything. 
23. Many forecasters were driving with their eyes firmly fixed on the rearview mirror, chart/technical analysis enabling them to tell where things were but not where company were going.
24. It ain't what you don't know that gets you into trouble. It's what you know for sure that just ain't so.
