# Naked Statistics 

1. It's easy to lie with statistics, but it's hard to tell the truth without them
2. Descriptive statistics exist to simplify, give us a manageable and meaningful summary of the underlying phenomenon, which always implies some loss of nuance or detail and invites abuse. Anyone working with numbers needs to recognize as much.
3. Precision vs accuracy:
    - 3.5416 is more precise than 3.5, however it doesn't mean 3.5416 is a correct number. No amount of precision can make up for inaccuracy. 
    - If you mess up the unit(lbs vs Kg or Dollar vs RMB or M vs Inch), Golf distance measure tool the unit(m/inch), no matter how precise your number are, it is meanless. 
    - Wall street has models so precise to predict market/interest rate and etc, but it doesn't mean their model is correct or falseles, precision can mask inaccuracy by giving us a false sense of certainty.
4. Good decision as measured by the underlying probabilities can turn out badly. And bad decisions--like spending $1 on the lottery--can still turn out well, at least in the short run. But probability triumphs in the end. 
5. Insurance will not save you money in the long run. They based on probability charge your premuium. It helps protect against outcomes that would otherwise wreck your life. Ironically, someone as rich as Warren Buffett can save money by not purchasing car insurance, homeowner's insurance, or even health insurance because he can afford whatever bad things might happend to him. 
6. Customers who pay their bills in full each month is not generate profit for credit card company. The customers who carry large balances at high interest rates are the ones who generate fat profits, as long as they don't default.
7. The greatest risks are never the ones you can see and measure, but the ones you can't see and therefore can never measure. The ones that seem so far outside the boundary of normal probability that you can't imagine they could happen in your lifetime--even though, of course, they do happen, more often than you care to realize. 
8. Assuming events are independent when they are not. Jet engine's failing for any reason during a transatlantic flight is 1 in 100,000. With two engines, the chance it fails is not (1/100,000)^2. A flock of geese, weather, improper maintenance. 
9. Not understanding when events are independent. Roulette ball has landed on black five times in a row, then clearly now it must turn up red. No, the probability of the ball's landing on a red number remains unchanged: 16/38. The gambler's fallacy. 
10. At first glance, reversion to the mean may appear to be at odds with the "gambler's fallacy." After the student throws six tails in a row, is he "due" to throw heads or not? The probability that he throws heads on the next flip is the same as it always is: 1/2. The fact that he has thrown lots of tails in a row doesn't make heads more likely on the next flip. Each flip is an independent event. However, we can expect the results of the ensuing flips to be consistent with what probability predicts. which is half heads and hal tails.
11. Central limit theorem: chose a sample size greater than 30, take repeated samples, calculate mean for each sample, at the end most of the sample means will be very close to the mean and distributed as a normal distribution around the mean. The original data from which the samples are being drawn doesn't have to have a normal distribution in order for the sample means to be distributed normally. 
12. Thousands people take Marathon by bus, and one bus is missing, you happen found one broken bus at road side with average weight 200 lbs, the chance of this bus is the marathon missing bus is super low. 
