# One man's view of the world

1. Chinese protestors for thousands of years. They know that opposing the central authority means certain annihilation. So they oppose wrongdoing by local officials while declaring loyalty to the centre. No one challenges the centre unless they are prepared to go all the way and take control of the whole country, which is most unlikely. 
2. Deng saw how a small island without natural resources was able to create a good life for his people by bringing in foreign investments, management, tech skills. Then he return China and open up its economy to the world.
3. For Taiwan, are the Americans prepared to fight, and fight, and fight again? Are they eventually prepared to pay the price that China is willing to pay over Taiwan? Remember that no Chinese leader can survive if Taiwan is lost under his watch. So for Chinese, it is a very serious matter. Even if they lose the first round, they will come back for a second round, then a third round and so on, until they win. It's not worth it for America. And Taiwan's people just gonna suffer until it ends. 
4. Thucydides famously wrote that the stong do what they can and the weak suffer what they must. 
5. When you are 89 years old, you will think about death, pains and suffering. I hope the end will come quickly. I would advise that if you do not want to be comatose or half-comatose in bed and fed through a tube, do an AMD(Advanced Medical Directive). Do not intervene to save life. Let me go natually.
6. A politician just wants to publicise himself and get into office, and he enjoys the pride of being there. A leader has a mission. You seek power because you want to do certain things. A statesman is one who has not only sought power and done those things but is able to hand over to a good successor. 

