# The Psychology of Money

1. Doing well with money has a little to do with how smart you are and a lot to do with how you behave. And behavior is hard to teach, even to really smart people.
2. A genius who loses control of their emotions can be a financial disaster. Ordinary folks with no financial education can be wealthy if they have a handful of behavioral skills that have nothing to do with formal measures of intelligence.
3. The trick when dealing with failure is arranging your financial life in a way that a bad investment here and a missed financial goal there won't wipe you out so you can keep playing until the odds fall in your favor.
4. To make money they didn't have and didn't need, they risked what they did have and did need. And that's foolish. It is just plain foolish. If you risk something that is important to you for something that is unimportant to you, it just does not make any sense
5. Modern capitalism is a pro at two things: generating wealth and generating envy. Perhaps they go hand in hand; wanting to surpass your peers can be the fuel of hard work. But life isn't any fun without a sense of enough. Happiness, as it's said, is just results minus expectations.
6. The highest form of wealth is the ability to wake up every morning and say, "I can do whatever I want today."
7. Money's greatest intrinsic value--and this can't be overstated--is its ability to give you control over your time.
8. At 1950, people use their body to work hard, Rockefeller use his mind to think, plan, make decision. Nowadays, most people do the same as Rockefeller. Our pay increase 3 times since 1950, everyone is more richer, but we spend more time thinking even we are not working. **Controlling your time is a key happiness influencer, we shouldn't be surprised that people don't feel much happier even though we are, on average, richer than ever.**
9. When you see someone driving a nice car, you rarely thinking, the guy who driving that car is cool. Instead, you think, Wow, if I had that car people would think I'm cool. People tend to want wealth to signal to others that they should be liked and admired. But in reality people by pass admiring you, because they use your wealth as a benchmark for their own desire to be liked and admired. 
10. You might think you want an expensive car, a fancy watch, and a huge house. But I'm telling you, you don't. What you want is respect and admiration from other people, and you think having expensive stuff will bring it. It almost never does--especially from the people you want to respect and admire you.
11. If respect and admiration are your goal, be careful how you seek it. Humility, kindness and empathy will bring you more respect than horsepower ever will.
12. We can't see people's bank accounts or brokerage statements. So we rely on outward appearances to gauge financial success. Cars, homes, instagram photos. When most people say they want to be a millionaire, what they might actually mean is "I'd like to spend a million dollars." And that is literally the opposite of being a millionaire.
13. There is no faster way to feel rich than to spend lots of money on really nice things, But the way to be wealthy is to not spend the money that you do have. It's not just the only way to accumulate wealth, it's the very definition of wealth.
14. **Rich** is a current income. Someone driving a $100k car is almost certainly rich, because even if they purchased the car with debt you need a certain level of income to afford the monthly payment. Same with those who live in big homes. It's not hard to spot rich people. They often go out of their way to make themselves known. 
15. But **wealth** is hidden. It's income not spend. Wealth is an option not yet taken to buy something later. Its value lies in offering you options, flexibility, and growth to one day purchase more stuff than you could right now.
16. One study found that people overestimate the number of calories they burned in a workout by a factor of four. They also then consumed, on average, about twice as many calories as they had just burned off. The fact is, you can quickly undo a lot of exercies by eating a lot of food, and most of us do. Workout is like being rich, you think i did the work and now I deserve to treat myself to a big meal. Wealth is turning down that treat meal and actually burning net calories. It's hard and requires self control.
17. When world worries about we don't have enough oil, people start all kinds of way to efficiently use the oil. We didn't drill much more oil, but still keep the econmic grow a lot. Personal savings and frugality is like reduce the oil consumption or efficently use the enrgy.
18. You can build wealth without a high income, but have no chance of building wealth without a high savings rate, it's clear which one matters more. More importantly, the value of wealth is relative to what you need. 
19. Past a certain level of income, what you need is just what sits below your ego. Once basics covered, there's always another level of comfortable, entertaining and enlightening. Spending beyond a level is mostly a reflection of ego approaching income, a way to spend money to show people that you have money. One of the most powerful ways to increase your savings isn't to raise your income. It's to raise your humility. And you will desire less if you care less about what others think of you. **Money relies more on psychology than finance** and you don't need a specific reason to save.
20. Saving for a specific goal makes sense in a a predictable world. But ours isn't. Saving is a hedge against life's inevitable ability to suprise the hell out of you at the worst possible moment. 
21. The intangible benefits(free time, opportunity to make investment in future) of money can be far more valuable and capable of increasing your happiness than the tangible things.
22. Savings in the bank that earn 0% interest might actually generate an extraordinary return if they give you the flexibility to take a job with a lower salary but more purpose, or wait for investment opportunities that come when those without flexibility turn desperate. 
23. 
