# The Ride of a Lifetime

1. I tend to approach bad news as a problem that can be worked through and solved, something I have control over rather than something happening to me.
2. Spending time productively, that means reading or doing homework or being engaged in something that would "better" me in some way.
3. Wake early every morning to have time to think, read and exercise before the demands of the day take over. It's vital to create space in each day to let your thoughts wander beyond your immediate job responsibilities, to turn things over in your mind in a less pressured, more creative way than is possible once the daily triage(preliminary assessment, in order to determine the urgency) kicks in. 
4. Taking responsibility when you screw up, it's impossible not to make them, but it is possible to acknowledge them, learn from them. What's not okay is to undermine others by lying about something or covering your own ass first. 
5. Life is an adventure, if you don't choose the adventurous path, then you're not really living.
6. Know what you don't know, not to fake anything. You have to be humble, and you can't pretend to be someone you're not or to know something you don't. Do the work to learn what you need to learn as quickly as you can.
7. I never start small, I've found that often people will focus on little details as a way of masking a lack of any clear, coherent, big thoughts. If you start petty, you seem petty. And if the big picture is a mess, then the small things don't matter anyway, and you shouldn't spend time focusing on them.
8. The need to be comfortable with failure was the most profound. Not with lack of effort but with the unavoidable truth that if you want innovation--and you should, always--you need to give permission to fail.
9. Avoid getting into the business of manufacturing trombone oil(小号润滑油). You may become the greatest trombone-oil manufacturer in the world, but in the end, the world only consumes a few quarts of trombone oil a year.
10. As a leader, you should want those around you to be eager to rise up and take on more responsibility.
11. Good leadership isn't about being indispensable(不可或缺); It's about helping others be prepared to possibly step into your shoes--giving them access to your own decision making identifying the skills they need to develop and helping them improve, and, as I've had to do, sometimes being honest with them about why they're not ready for the next step up. 
12. I can't do anything about the past. We can talk about lessons learned, and make sure apply those lessons going forward. But we don't get any do-overs. You want to know where I'm going to take this company, not where it's been. 
13. You're going to need some strategic priorities. Priorities are the few things that you're going to spend a lot of time and a lot of capital on. Not only do you undermine their significance by having too many, but nobody is going to remember them all, **You only get three.**
14. We'll never get the admiration or the public unless we git it from our own people first. And the way to get the people working for us to admire the company and believe in its future is to make products they're proud of.
15. Don't let your ego get in the way of making the best possible decision. I was stung when Roy(Disney's grand child) and Stanley sued the board for choosing me as CEO, and I certainly could have gone to battle with them. But it all would have come at a huge cost to the company and been a giant distraction from what really mattered. My job was to set our company on a new path, and the first step was to defuse this unnecessary struggle. Recognize what Roy needed, ultimately, was to feel respected. That was precious to him, and it cost me and the company so little.
16. 
