# Xpeng

03/08/2021

Q4 Earning Highlight

- Delivered 12964 cars, increasing 51% quarter over quarter
- 2020 Revenue increased 151.8%, 5.6b RMB, Q4 gross margin 7.4%, Q3 4.6%, full year positive gross margin 
- R&D 460m RMB, down 29%, Selling, general and administrative expenses were RMB 918 million for the fourth quarter, increase of 133%, Loss from operation was RMB 1.1 billion
- October 2020, released 2nd generation in-car operating system through OTA, All voice in-car system. AI voice assistant daily utilization rate 90%.
- 1/26/2021, released xpliot 3.0 NGP. NGP has been activated 20% of all P7s, driving total 1.3 million km, drivable mileage of NGP, exceeded 50%
- Kick off the NGP expedition from Guangzhou to Beijing on February.
- Second half of this year, third EV model, with LIDAR and xpliot 3.5 will support on major urban roads. 
- in 2022, xpliot 4.0 and fourth model, with new hardware and software. 
- March start deliver P7 Wing edition and LFP battery-powered G3 and P7
- as of 12/31/2020, 160 sales stores, 159 supercharging station and 54 service centers across 69 cities in China. By the end of 2021, 300 stores, 500 supercharing station, covering 110 cities. 
- In December, we fully delivered the first batch of the European version G3 in Norway.
- Zhaoqing factory to prepare for a monthly production capacity of 10,000 units within this year. Started construction of our Guangzhou manufacturing base and expect to commence production in the third quarter of 2022
- For 2021 Q1, expect deliveries to be approximately 12,500 units and our total revenue to be approximately RMB 2.6 billion


### Q & A

Q: What's our assessment of the potential impact to expand the company's second-quarter shipments?
A: would be very challenging in terms of battery supplies, by Q3 and Q4 and the coming year, we'll be able to solve the supply issue.

Q: what kind of monthly sales run rate could we see? any sort of limitations due to the semiconductor shortage? 
A: New product introductions every quarter for the next three quarters. we have visibility for about two to three months of semiconductor supply

Q: subscription-only model for the xpliot? if not, would you expect the pricing of it to go up since now you're equipping it with LIDAR?
A: newer generations of XPILOT, we'll definitely increase the pricing, subscription model or a one-off payment model, it will depend on our customers' feedback 

Q: how should we see the sales mix between LFP- and LCM-powered BEV going forward?
A: it's around 10% of the new orders that are LFP battery, LFP improve sales, better margin, the percentage of these LFP battery version P7, that's incorporating our XPILOT 3.0 is actually much higher in terms of percentage than the entire P7 population which also can potentially translate to higher software penetration.

Q: the software income, attach rate on the autopilot 3.0? 
A: XPILOT 3.0 represents over 20% of the entire P7 population, we see the penetration rate will continue to increase

Q: whether you actually speed up your R&D for autonomous driving? Seems earlier than previous guide.
A:  we actually gained confidence into our future R&D effort and future launching of XPILOT 3.5, 4.0 and even 5.0. So yes, we plan to bring ahead the schedule of launching fewer, And all of those comes from our current R&D efforts and also the data that we collected from our customers which are very positive.

Q: International expansion?
A: our smart cockpit, already dedicated a large team of R&D people in -- last year in this regard. it will take maybe a longer time, such as 12 months to build a good solid technological foundation, once the foundation is built, we believe that in the future, development is going to be very impressive in terms of the speed of expansion

