# Just Keep Buying

1. What should I invest in? Am I saving enough? Should I buy it now or wait it out? Shortly thereafter, I saw a YouTube video that changed everything. 3 words that got me to 3M subs discussed how to grow the channel using three words of advice -- **Just Keep Uploading**
2. For young investors with only $1,000 in their investment account, the specifics of their investment strategy and the amount of time spent on research may not significantly impact their financial growth. Even with a 10% annual return, the earnings could be quickly offset by everyday expenses, especially in high-cost areas like New York City. For instance, a single night out for dinner and a ride home with Uber might consume an entire year's worth of investment gains. In such scenarios, focusing on saving more or increasing earnings can be far more effective. Conversely, for someone with a $10 million portfolio, a 10% market decline could mean a $1 million loss, a sum that's virtually impossible to recoup through savings alone. Saving is for the poor and investing is for the rich.
3. The 2x Rule: If I want to buy a $400 pair of dress shoes, I would also have to buy $400 worth of stocks(or other income-producing assets). This makes me re-evalutate how much I want something.
4. When you get a raise, how much should you spend? 50%. For high savers, spending more of your raise will delay your retirement, because you increase your lifestyle and you need to save more. but for lower savers, this is the reverse.
5. The crossover point rule: When can you retire, find the point when your monthly investment income exceeds your monthly expense.
6. We buy stocks so we can eat well, but we buy bonds so we can sleep well.
7. If you are worried about investing a large sum of money right now, the problem may be that you're considering a portfolio that is too risky for your liking. Buying now is "better" than the dollar cost average based on historical data. Another way you could improve this is select a conservative portfolio to buy a large sum of money now, then every year switch to a bit more aggressive portfolio set up.
8. Depending on which decade you were investing in, you could receive annual returns of positive 16.6% or negative 3.1%. If you look over 20 years, you could have 13.3% at best or 1.9% annual returns at worst. Due to this variation in returns over time, even investors with legitimate skills can still underperform those who just got lucky. The only good news is that, over 30-year periods, the differences in annualized returns are far less pronounced. 5-7%.
9. Buy quickly, but sell slowly. Set a rule or plan for sale. Don't let emotion control you. Since the market tends to go up over time, the optimal thing to do is to sell as late as possible. Therefore, selling over time is usually better than selling right away.
10. What percentage of cash should you have that is ready for spending? Fund the life you need before you risk it for the life you want.
11. As else equal, if you think your income taxes will be higher now, then contribute to a traditional 401k, otherwise contribute to Roth 401k. 3 * 2 * 1 = 1 * 2 * 3, It probably doesn't make sense to contribute to a Roth 401 while living in a high tax area like New York City, unless you know you are going to retire in an area with similarly high taxes. For high savers, Roth 401k is probably better, because you actually put more money into savings.
12. Max out 401k might cause you to lose the opportunity to do something else.
13. Also if you have stocks in your 401k, it is very hard to balance your portfolio, you can't add money when they cut in half.
14. The Author has many friends who work in big tech company and earn a lot of money, however, he spent most time on his investment portfolio rather than thinking about his career until he was 27 years old. This mistake is that he incorrectly believed that money was a more important asset than time. Though you can always earn more money, nothing can buy you more time.
15. I would be willing to bet that not one of you, if you were offered every dollar of Warren Buffett's fortune, would trade places with him right now..And I would also bet, by the way, that Buffett would be willing to be 20 years old again if he was broke.
16. We begin our lives as growth stocks and end our lives as value stocks
17. 
