# Same As Ever

1. Risk is what's left over after you think you've thought of everything, prepared for the risks you can imagine. Risk is what you don't see.
2. It's impossible to plan for what you can't imagine and the more you think you've imagined everything the more shocked you'll be when something happens that you hadn't considered.
    - Preparing for the risks you can envision. Think of risk the way the state of California thinks of earthquakes. It knows a major earthquake will happen. But it has no idea when, where or of what magnitude. Prepare emergency crews, and design buildings to withstand earthquakes. Invest in preparedness, not in prediction, 
    - You'll be unprepared for the risks you can't see every single time. So, in personal finance, the right amount of savings is when it feels like it's a little too much. It should feel excessive; it should make you wince a little. The same goes for how much debt you think you should handle--whatever you think it is, the reality is probably a little less.(你的过度准备可能看起来像脑袋坏掉了，浪费资源，完全没必要，但是当历史的大事件，最糟糕的情况发生，你的过度准备突然间就会变得无比正确）
4. Most of the time, when someone's caught unprepared, it's not because they didn't plan. Sometimes it's the smartest planners in the world, mapping every scenario they can imagine, who end up failing. They planned for everything that made sense before getting hit by something they'd never imagined.
5. Today's economy is good at generating three things: wealth, the ability to show off wealth, and great envy for other people's wealth.
6. One day, I realized with all these people I was jealous of, I couldn't just choose little aspects of their life. You have to be that person, with all of their reactions, their desires, their family. If you're not willing to do a wholesale, 24/7, 100 percent swap with who that person is, then there is no point in being jealous.
7. When an economy is stable, people get optimistic -> When people get optimistic, they go into debt -> When they go into debt, the economy becomes unstable.
8. Most great things in life--from love to careers to investing--gain their value from patience and scarcity. Patience to let something grow, and scarcity to admire what it grows into. But the most common tactics when people pursue something great is trying to make it faster and bigger.
