# Smart Couple Finish Rich

1. Money has very little to do with love and a lot to do with how much you fight. It doesn't matter if you love your spouse or partner more than anything in the world. If the two of you have conflicting values about money and make financial decisions that fail to accommodate each other's feelings about the subject, you are going to have serious relationship problems.
2. Couples who plan together have a better chance of being happy together. They really work at it, they do some soul-searching together, some dream-planning together and they've put together a plan to make their goals and dreams a reality.
3. Most people assume that when they meet with a financial advisor the conversation should focus on how much money you need, specific investments, and net worth calculation. While all these things are important, the most important is first having a conversation about what it is that matters most to you, what is it that you care most deeply about? What are your values? 
4. It is so easy for us to list the kind of stuff we want to live by. Yet the truth is that it is a lot more important to understand what your values are and to live your life by them than it is just to have stuff. People accumulate stuff and suddenly it hits them that their stuff isn't really making them happy--that this stuff they've spent all this time and effort getting is actually the wrong stuff.
5. In an ideal world, here is the sequence: the lives we lead, the things we do, and the stuff we buy are in line with our values. However, most people focus first on the 'having', second on the 'doing', and third on the 'being'. This means that many people who use financial planners go about it all backward. Even worse, many never even get to the 'being' part. They spend so much time on having and doing that they never look up to see whether who they are is who they want to be.
6. What if my partner doesn't want to do this plan with me? The fact seems to be that opposites attract. Neat people wind up with people who are messy. People who understand how important it is to squeeze the toothpaste from the bottom of the tube marry people who are "middle squeezers". Start to get everything organized, and offer honey. Instead, accuse your partner of what he/she did wrong, trying to say I got this huge homework, and I'm going to need your help. Do you think we can work together on it this weekend because I'm not sure I can do it without you?
