# The Everything Store

1. The regret minimization framework: When you are in the thick of things, you can get confused by small stuff, I knew when I was eighty that I would never think about why I walked away from my 1994 Wall Street bonus right in the middle of the year at the worst possible time. That kind of thing just isn't something you worry about when you're eighty years old. At the same time, I knew that I might sincerely regret not having participated in this thing called the Internet which I thought was going to be a revolutionizing event. When I thought about it that way...it was incredibly easy to make the decision.
2. Every time we hire someone, he or she should raise the bar for the next hire, so that the overall talent pool is always improving.
3. Personalization, great merchants have never had the opportunity to understand their customers in a truly individualized way, E-commerce is going to make that possible.
4. Bezos had predicted that chain retailers would have trouble competing online. They were reluctant to lose money on a relatively small part of their business and didn't want to put their most resourceful employees behind an effort that would siphon sales away from the more profitable stores. Their distribution operation was well entrenched and geared toward servicing physical stores by sending out large shipments of books to set number of locations. The shift from that to mailing small orders to individual customers was long, painful, and full of customer service errors. For Amazon, that was just daily business.
5. Methodology for how to select the category: a SWAT team to research categories of products that had high SKUs were underrepresented in physical stores, and could easily be sent through the mail.
6. Bezos was looking for versatile managers who could move fast and get big things done.
7. Toys were different than books, music, or movies. There are no third-party distributors to provide any item and take back unsold inventory. The retailers had to predict nearly a year in advance what the next holiday season's most popular items would be, as a majority of their sales occurred within a six-week frenzy of parental indulgence. If the retailers' forecasts were wrong, they were in deep trouble, because after the holidays, unsold toys were nonreturnable and about as desirable as rotten fruit. Toys are so fad-driven, that it's a little like betting on Oscar winners only by looking at movie trailers.
8. The biggest challenge was selecting and acquiring just the right selection of toys—precisely the kind of thing Toys “R” Us did well. It was dawning on us how brutal it was to pick Barbies and Digimon, and how expensive it would be to build a world-class e-commerce infrastructure.
9. You don't feel thirty percent smarter when the stock goes up by thirty percent, so when the stock goes down you shouldn't feel thirty percent dumber.
10. The membership fee is a one-time pain, but it's reinforced every time customers walk in and see forty-seven-inch televisions that are two hundred dollars less than anyplace else. It reinforces the value of the concept. Customers know they will find really cheap stuff at Costco. 
11. There are two kinds of retailers: there are those folks who work to figure out how to charge more, and there are companies that work to figure out how to charge less, and we are going to be the second, full-stop。
12. Slow steady progress can erode any challenge over time.
13. To solve the distribution challenge, Wilke set about filling the ranks of Amazon's logistics division with scientists and engineers rather than retail distribution veterans. It is essentially assembling and fulfilling customer orders. The factory physics were a lot closer to manufacturing and assembly than they were to retail. The first move is to rename Amazon's shipping facilities(Warehouse, distribution center) to fulfillment centers, or FCs
14. A junior executive recommended a variety of different techniques to foster cross-group dialogue, but Jeff Bezos thinks it is completely wrong. Communication is a sign of dysfunction. It means people aren't working together in a close, organic way. We should be trying to figure out a way for teams to communicate less with each other, not more. Run Amazon with an emphasis on decentralization and independent decision-making. A hierarchy isn't responsive enough to change.
15. Amazon Prime membership fee, $79 per year, it needed to be large enough to matter to consumers but small enough that they would be willing to try it out. It was never about the seventy-nine dollars. It was really about changing people's mentality so they wouldn't shop anywhere else.
16. How was the idea of AWS born? Solve the need for internal dev, there are common services like storage, DB, and computing. Amazon Web Services wasn’t any one person’s single idea. No proverbial apple fell on some Newton’s head, no Henry Ford or Steve Jobs-like character had a brainstorm. Instead, it rather emerged. The idea grew organically out of the company’s frustration with its ability to launch new projects and support customers.
17. For profitability prospects for AWS. Bezos predicted they would be good over the long term but said that he didn't want to repeat "Steve Jobs's mistake". Eventually compute, storage, db and etc will be like commodities. But if Amazon enters first and keeps its low price, the competitors won't be willing to lose current profit to invest in this. If you build something that has a huge margin, you will attract competitors. Jeff was partly right about the iPhone, but the pioneering smartphone is also a fantastically lucrative product for Apple.
18. Unlike traditional retailers, Amazon returned a few unsold books, often less than 5%. The big book chain regularly returned 40% of all the books they acquired from publishers.
19. 
