# Zero To One

1. The next Bill Gates will not build an operating system. The next Larry Page or Sergey Brin won't make a search engine. If you are copying these guys, you aren't learning from them. It's easier to copy a model than to make something new: doing what we already know how to do takes the world from 1 to n, adding more of something familiar. Every new creation goes from 0 to 1.
2. What important truth do very few people agree with you on? Most people believe in x, but the truth is the opposite of x. 
3. What can we learn from the dot-com crash?
    - Grand visions inflated the bubble, anyone who claims to be able to change the world should be more humble and we should suspect. **Small incremental steps are the only safe path forward**
    - All companies must be "lean", you should not know what your business will do; planning is arrogant and inflexible. Instead, you should try things out, iterate, and treat entrepreneurship as experimentation.
    - Don't try to create a new market. Start with an already existing customer, and build your company by improving recognizable products already offered by successful competitors.
    - If your product requires advertising or salespeople to sell it, it's not good enough.
5. By "monopoly", we mean the kind of company that's so good at what it does that no other firm can offer a close substitute.
6. When you hear that most new restaurants fail within one or two years, your instinct will be to come up with a story about yours is different. You'll spend time trying to convince people that you are exceptional instead of seriously considering whether that's true. If you lose sight of competitive reality and focus on trivial differentiating factors, your business is unlikely to survive.
7. In business, money is either an important thing or it is everything. Monopolists can afford to think about things other than making money; non-monopolists can't.
8. All happy families are alike; each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way. Business is the opposite. All happy companies are different; each one earns a monopoly by solving a unique problem. All failed companies are the same: they failed to escape competition.
9. For a company to be valuable it must **grow** and **endure**, but many entrepreneurs focus only on short-term growth. They have an excuse: growth is easy to measure, but durability isn't. Those who succumb to measurement mania obsess about weekly active user statistics, monthly revenue targets, and quarterly earnings reports. However, you can hit those numbers and still overlook the durability of your business which is harder to measure.
10. Characteristics of monopoly:
    - Proprietary technology: proprietary technology must be at least 10 times better than its closest substitute in an important dimension. Anything less than an order of magnitude better will be perceived as a marginal improvement and will be hard to sell especially in an already crowded market.
    - Network effects, Facebook
    - Economies of scale, business gets stronger as it gets bigger, and the fixed costs of creating a product can be spread out over greater quantities of sales.
    - Branding, Apple, attractive looks, carefully chosen materials, good design, and consumer experience.
12. You can build the best app that lets people order toilet paper. But without a bold plan, it won't take you from 0 to 1. Making small changes to things that already exist might lead you to a local maximum, but it won't help you find the global maximum.
13. When a big company makes an offer to acquire a successful startup, it almost always offers too much or too little: founders only sell when they have no more concrete visions for the company, in which case the acquirer probably overpaid; definite founders with robust plans don't sell. When Yahoo! offered to buy Facebook for 1 billion in July 2006, I thought we should at least consider it. But Mark walked into the board meeting and announced: "Okay, guys, this is just a formality, it shouldn't take more than 10 minutes. we're obviously not going to sell here." Mark saw where he could take the company, and Yahoo! didn't. A business with a good definite plan will always be underrated in a world where people see the future as random.
14. The biggest secret in VC is that the best investment in a successful fund equals or outperforms the entire rest of the fund combined. Two rules for VCs, first, only invest in companies that have the potential to return the value of the entire fund. This is a scary rule because it eliminates the vast majority of possible investments. This leads to rule number two because rule number one is so restrictive, there can't be any other rules. 
15. Founders should share a prehistory before they start a company together--otherwise, they're just rolling dice. It is like a marriage.
16. Early-stage startups are small enough that founders usually have both ownership and possession. Most conflicts in a startup erupt between ownership and control, Choose the right person for your board, and use very few people for decisions(3 is ideal, and should never exceed five unless your company is publicly held).
17. 
