1. Turkey experiments tells us, as animal the brain often trigger by simple word, sounds, a blue leather based on invole. Human is no exception, if we ask someone to do us a favor we will be more successful if we provide a reason or just has word "because" in the request, it would work perfect. Civilization advances by extending the number of operations we can perform without thinking about them.
2. If you bought expensive stuff, like a car for 50k, adding a 5k small package won't make you feel expensive even though that package won't worth that much.
3. If you are a salespeople, present the expensive item first.
4. A letter from college student, show all the terrible things happen to her, concussion, skull fracture, infected. At the end, she just got "F" for Chemistry. this comparsion will reduce the effect of "F".
5. The rule for reciprocity was so strong that it simply overwhelmed the influence of a factor--liking for the requester--that normally affects the decision to comply. (吃别人的嘴软，拿别人的手短)
6. The reciprocity rule was established to promote the development of reciprocal relationships between individuals so that one person could initiate such a relatioship without the fear of loss. The univited gifts produce feelings of obligation.
7. The reciprocity rule can trigger unfair exchanges. Give a person free Coke which only worth a dime can get an average return of two raffle tickets(worth 50 cents). 
8. Most of us find it highly disagreeable to be in a state of obligation, because reciprocal arrangements are so vital in human social systems, we have been conditioned to be uncomfortable when beholden. 
9. Reciprocal concessions, an obligation to make a concession to someone who has made a concession to us. （以退为进）
10. Use the tactic of beginning with extreme demands then concessions, if the beginning demands so extreme as unreasonable, the tactic backfires. you are not seen to be bargaining in good faith and subsequent retreat from initial position is not viewed as a genuine concession. 
11. Consistency, at the racetrack, just after placing a bet, people are much more confident of their horse's chances of winning than they are immediately before laying down that bet. Once a stand had been taken, the need for consistency pressured these people to bring what they felt and believed into line with what they had already done. They simply convinced themselves that they had made the right choice and no doubt, felt better about it all. 
12. Toy manufactures trick, they sent ad for new toys and limit sell them at Christmas time, parents often promise their kids to buy the latest toy as Christmas gift, however, parents usually hardly fill the promise and buy something else for kids. So after one or two months, when that toys available, they have to buy it again. 
13. Commitment is the key, if you make a small commitment, you might fulfill a massive commitment and sometimes even that large commitment is not very related to the first one. 
14. Sign in front yard, because people had innocently complied with a trivial safe-driving request a couple of weeks before, these homeowners became remarkably willing to comply with another such request that was massive in size. 
15. Be very careful about agreeing to trivial requests. Such an agreement can not only increase our compliance with very similar, much larger requests, it can also make us more willing to perform a variety of larger favors that are only remotely connected to the little one we did earlier. 
16. There is something magical about writing things down. So set a goal and write it down. You'll be off and running. written commitments require more work than verbal, the more effort that goes into a commitment, the greater is its ability to influence the attitudes of the person who made it.
17. The severity of an initiation ceremony significantly heightens the newcomer's commitment to the group.
18. A large reward is one such external pressure. It may get us to perform a certain action, but it won't get us to accept inner responsibility for the act. For rearing children, we should never heavily bribe or threaten them to do the things we want them truly to believe in. 
19. "Throwing a lowball", An advantage is offered that induces a favorable purchase decisionl then, sometime after the decision has been made but before the bargain is sealed, the original purchase advantage is deftly(熟练的) removed. 
20. 当你掉到lowball这种陷阱时，如何说NO？你胃的不舒服会警示你，当着对方的面直接讲出他的伎俩，会大大增加你的概率。Ask yourself, knowing what I know about the real truth, if I could go back in time, would I make the same choice again? They hadn't created the decision, the decision had created them. 
21. Since 95 percent of the people are imitators and only 5 percent initiators, people are persuaded more by the actions of others than by any proof we can offer.
22. 邪教预言通常不会实现，当人们花了巨大的代价准备迎接灾难，苦苦煎熬等待，最后灾难没有来临时，整个他们信仰的系统就会崩塌。当人们不愿意接受这种崩塌时，他就会欺骗自己。如果“教主”加以引导，比如之所以没有发生灾难，是因为神感谢我们的虔诚，我们需要把神的旨意传播出去。这时候教众就会更努力的劝说别人，同时也是劝说自己。如果他们能成功劝说更多的怀疑者，那么自己的信仰也会变得更真实。
23. In times of uncertainty, the natural tendency is to look around at the actions of others for clue. It might be that someone in need of emergency aid would have a better chance of survival if a single bystander, rather than a crowd, was present. 
24. When you need help surround by many people, the advice would be to isolate one individual from the crowd: Stare, speak, and point directly at that person and no one else: "You, sir, in the blue jacket, I need help, call an ambulance."
25. Teach kids swim without plastic ring, don't hire a six foot graduate student, find a kid who can do that at similar age, the kid would look for the most relevant information about what he could or should do. 
26. Kill buffalo by starting a herd running toward a cliff. Buffalo eyes are easier to see the side than to the front, when they run, their heads down low and cannot see above the herd. 
27. Freeway lane switchers, if one car infront turn the signal lights in traffic jam, a lot of cars behind it will do the same. 
28. A flier whose plane is locked onto automatic pilot would be wise to glance occasionally at the instrument panel and out the window. In the same way, we need to look up and around periodically whenever we are locked onto the evidence of the crowd. 
29. 股市短期趋势经常就是social proof造成的，当价格上涨，大家就都会去追，反之亦然。 
30. **Halo effect** occus when one positive characteristic of a person dominates the way that person is viewed by others. Physical attractiveness is often such a characteristic. 
31. Although the familiarity produced by contact usually leads to greater liking, the opposite occurs if the contact carries distasteful experiences with it. Team-oriented learning is an antidote to this disorder may tell us about the heavy impact of cooperation on the liking process. 
32. Good Cop/Bad Cop example use several principles: contrast principle, a cup of coffee(the reciprocity rule), gives the suspect the idea that there is someone on his side, working together with him. 
33. Being connected with bad weather does have a negative effect. But on the other side of the coin, being connected with sunshine should do wonders for his popularity. 
