# Jack straight from the gut

1. I wanted to create a company where people dare to try new things, where people feel assured in knowing that only the limits of their creativity and drive, their own standards of personal excellence, will be the ceiling on how far and how fast they move. 
2. Get out of the pile--If I had just answered my boss questions, it would have been tough to get noticed. Bosses usually have answers in mind when they hand out questions. They're just looking for confirmation. To set myself apart from the crowd, I thought I had to think bigger than the questions posed. I wanted to provide not only the answer, but an unexpected fresh perspective. 
3. When people make mistakes, the last thing they need is discipline. It's time for encouragement and confidence building. The job at this point is to restore self-confidence. Arrogant people who refuse to learn from their mistakes have to go. If we're managing good people who are clearly eating themselves up over an error, our job is to help them through it. No one should ever be surprised when they are asked to leave. 
4. How much my success would depend on the people I hired, the importance of getting the right people, if I found someone great, it made all the difference in the world. Eventually, I learned that I was really looking for people who were filled with passion and a desire to get things done. 
5. Jack will fire anyone can't perform well, because his success is depends on how good his army.
6. GE credit is much easy bussiness, you didn't have to invest heavily in R&D, build factories, bend metal day after day, and build scale to be competitive. GE credit is all about intellectual capital, finding smart and creative people and using GE's strong balance sheet.
7. I wanted GE to stay only in businesses that were No. 1 or No.2 in their markets. We had to act faster and get the damn bureaucracy out of the way.
8. I've never seen a business ruined because it reduced its costs too much, too fast. When good times come again, I've always seen business teams mobilize quickly and take advantage of the situation.
9. Even today, we'll have these crazy conversations where people will say, "Well, you're making a profit. What's wrong?" Well, in some cases, there's a lot wrong. If it's a business without a long-range competitive solution, it's just a matter of time before it's over. 
10. We used the $135 million from its sale(air-conditioning) to help pay to restructure other businesses. We never put those gains into net income. Instead, we used them to improve the company's competitiveness. We managed businesses--not earnings. 
11. Managing long-term, while "eating" short-term, Squeezing costs out at the expense of the future could deliver a quater, a year, and it's not hard to do. Dreaming about future and not delivering in the short term is the easiest of all.
12. Any organization that thinks it can guarantee job security is going down a dead end. Only satisfied customers can give people job security. Not companies. 
13. A,B, and C players. The As are people who are filled with passion, committed to making things happen, open to ideas from anywhere, and blessed with lots of runway ahead of them. They have the ability to energize not only themselves, but everyone who comes in contact with them. They make business productive and fun at the same time. 
14. The four Es of GE leadership: very high **energy** level, the ability to **energize** others around common goals, the **edge** to make tough yes-and-no decisions, and finally, the ability to consistently **execute** and deliver on their promises. 
15. Some think it's cruel or brutal to remove the bottom 10 percent of our people. It isn't. It's just the opposite. What I think is brutal and "false kindness" is keeping people around who aren't going to grow and prosper. There's no cruelty like waiting and telling people late in their careers that they don't belong--just when their job options are limited and they're putting their children through college or paying off big mortgages. 
16. Work-Out: It started with a presentation by the manager who might issue a challenge or outline a broad agenda and then leave. Without the boss present and with a facilitator to grease the discussions, employees were asked to list problems, debate solutions, and be prepared to sell their ideas when the boss returned. At the end, we insisted managers make on-the-spot decisions on each proposal. yes-or-no on at least 75% of the ideas.
17. Buy Kidder, too full of myself. The kidder experience never left me. Culture does count, big time. 
18. There is only one currency: GE stock
19. You don't earn interest unless you collect the principal. 
20. Mike comes into the board six to seven times every year with troubled companies already in or often headed for bankruptcy. Along with judging the company's leadership, Mike digs into our ability to recover the receivables and inventories. It's an upside-down look at a business--the opposite of what we're used to. 
21. 361
