# Thinking, Fast and Slow

1. People often ignored the relevant statistical facts(not use System 2) and relied exclusively on resemblance(System 1).We used resemblance as a simplifying heuristic to make a difficult judgment. The reliance on heuristic caused predictable biases(systematic errors) in their predictions. 
2. A chief investment officer invested tens of millions of dollars in Ford stock, when I asked how he had made that decision, he replied that he had attened an auto show and had been impressed. "they know how to make a car!". He had appraently not considered the one question that is ford stock currently underpriced. 
3. When the question is difficult and a skilled solution is not available, intuition still has a shot. we often answer an easier one instead, usually without noticing the substitution. 
4. When you use system 2, your muscles tensed up, your blood pressure rose, your pupils dilated, and your heart rate increased. As soon as you ended your work or when you gave up, your pupils contraced back to normal size. 
5. System 1 operates automatically and quickly with little or no effort and no sense of voluntary control.
6. System 2 allocates attention to the effortful mental activities that demand it, including complex computations. It often associated with the subjective experience of agency, choice, and concentration.
7. The invisible gorilla, intense focusing on a task can make people effectively blind. 
8. "Law of least effort" applied to cognitive as well as physical exertion. If there are several ways of achieving the same goal, people will eventually gravitate to the least demanding course of action. In the economy of action, effort is a cost, and the acquisition of skill is driven by the balance of benefits and costs. Laziness is built deep into our nature.
9. Self-control requires attention and effort. Another way of saying this is that controlling thoughts and behaviors is one of the tasks that System 2 performs.
10. Ego depletion -- if you have had to force yourself todo something, you are less willing or less able to exert self-control when the next challenge comes around. Or if you tired and hungry, you tend to fall back on the easier default selection.(Hungry judge for parole)
11. Many people are overconfident, prone to place too much faith in their intuitions. They apparently find cognitive effort at least mildly unpleasant and avoid it as much as possible.
12. Those who avoid the sin of intellectual sloth could be called "engaged." They are more alert, more intellectually active, less willing to be satisfied with superficially attractive answers, more skeptical about their intuitions. The psychologist Keith Stanovich would call them more rational. 
13. Individuals who uncritically follow their intuitions about puzzles are also prone to accept other suggestions from System 1. In particular, they are impulsive, impatient, and keen to receive immediate gratification. 
14. Ideomotor Effect--The words related to old age had not come to their conscious awareness, but their actions had changed nevertheless. If you were primed to think of old age, you would tend to act old, and acting old would reinforce the thought of old age. 
15. The effect of repetition on liking is a profoundly important biological fact. To survive in a dangerous world, an organism should react cautiously to a novel stimulus, however, the repeated exposure of a stimulus followed by nothing bad, such a stimulus will eventually become a safety signal.
16. Creativity is associative memory that works exceptionally well. 
17. A happy mood loosens the control of System 2 over performance: when in a good mood, people become more intuitive and more creative but also less vigilant and more prone to logical errors. 
18. The two headlines for stock news look like explanations of what happened in the market, in fact, all it does to satisfy our need for coherence, automatic search for causality: a large event is supposed to have consequences, and consequences need causes to explain them. 
19. Halo Effect--The tendency to like (or dislike) everything about a person--including things you have not observed. The first impression is the best impression.
20. The initial traits change the very meaning of the traits that appear later.(第一印象非常重要) Evaluating people as attractive or not is a basic assessment. You do that automatically whether or not you want to, and it influences you. 
21. If you can't solve a problem, you will try to find a easier problem to solve, which sometimes work fairly well and sometimes leads to serious errors and biases.
22. Extreme outcomes(both high and low) are more likely to be found in small than in large samples. 
23. I won't believe that the new trader is a genius before consulting a statistician who could estimate the likelihood of his streak being a chance event. 
24. Anchoring Effect--It occurs when people consider a particular value for an unknown quantity before estimating that quantity. 
25. Availability Bias--people remember their own contributions much more than those of the others. The difference in availability leads to a difference in judged frequency, victims are very concerned after a disaster.
26. The emotional tail wags the rational dog.
27. An availability cascade is a self-sustaining chain of events, which may start from media reports of minor event and lead up to public panic and large-scale government actions.
28. The ability of our mind to deal with small risks: we either ignore them altogether or give them far too much weight--nothing in between. 
29. success = talent + hardwork + luck; great success = a little more talent + a more hardwork + a lot of luck
30. The more extreme the original score(in golf), the more regression we expect, because an extremely good score suggests a very lucky day.
31. Olympic TV commenter keep giving causal explanations to indicate regression to the mean, however there is no need to looking for that, regression to the mean is the reason.
32. If your predictions are unbiased, you will never have the satisfying experience of correctly calling an extreme case. You will never be able to say, "I thought so!". Givien the limitations of the evidence, a venture capitalist will never be told that the probability of success for a start-up in its early stages is "very high".
33. When a VC looks for "the next big thing," the risk of missing the next Google or Facebook is far more important than the risk of making a modest investment in a start-up that ultimately fails. The goal of VCs is to call the extreme cases correctly, even at the cost of overestimating the prospects of many other ventures. For a conservative banker making large loans, the risk of a single borrower going bankrupt may outweigh the risk of turning down several would-be clients who would fulfill their obligations. 
34. The rational venture capitalist knows that even the most promising start-ups have only a moderate chance of success. 
35. That start-up achieved an outstanding proof of concept, but we shouldn't expect them to do as well in the future. They are still a long way from the market and there is a lot of room for regression. 
36. Hindsight bias has pernicious effects on the evaluations of decision makers. It leads observers to assess the quality of a decision not by whether the process was sound but by whether its outcome was good or bad. (low-risk surgical, unpredictable accident caused the patient's death) We are prone to blame decision makers for good decisions that worked out badly(新冠民众指责政府初期反应不够迅速，但是这是事后偏见)。The worse the consequence, the greater the hindsight bias.
37. Hindsight bias also bring undeserved rewards to irresponsible risk seekers, such as an entrepreneur who took a crazy gamble and won. Leaders who have been lucky are never punished for having taken too much risk. Instaed, they are believed to have had the flair(天赋，洞察力) and foresight to anticipate success. 
