### 2020 Q4

1. Contracts worth $0.174 b. prepaid 66 M. 
2. Successful start delivery A12 from 2020 Q4, and massive delivery from 2021 Q1.
3. Sales for AI chip 2020 increase 3 times compare to 2019. 2021 should go up as well. 
4. 2020, total 172,000 mining machines sold, Q4 sold 92,000. (blue energy 1,5000)
5. 2021 Q1, sold 156,000 = $0.238 b 
6. Will have customer service network globally.
8. Three tiers AI chip plan: 
    - low cost,
    - vision chip, smart home.
    - high end, computing power, robtic
9. K510 under testing， mid - high end chip, small size pre-orders. 
10. K230 upgraded version of K210. better computing power and etc.
11. Deploy A12, A11 for self mining around 350-400 PH, will keep trying to use 10% production capacity for self mining. End of year reach 2-4 EH

Q&A
1. New machine, foundry, technology, schedule, capacity/month?
  multiple foundries strategy, usually 2-3 new machines/year. So far unable to provide more details.  
  Based on BTC price, decide place how many chip orders. 2020 previous year BTC price low, not many orders. now BTC prcie up, cause delay. 
  Detail capacity not ok to provide. 
  Have long term contracts -> to lock the chip orders. 
  
2. Competite? capacity, what strategy to protect. 

Yes, experience, 供应链整合，海外客户长期关系。Save more cash, for future. 

3. chip良率 impact？

at the begin cooperate with new chip partner, it will take a bit of time to reach full capacity. 2021 Q2 pass this period. 

4. ETH mine machine?

We are under developing the ETH mining machine. Not ready to provide more detail.

5. Why Q4 renvenue not good? and 2021 Q1 forcast

A huge orders are sold as futures, which price is locked and usually future machine is about 60 - 80% of "current" price.
some future contracts already reach 2022 mid year. Current price $50-100 / TH and it could be much higher now.

Self mining: new singapore/ north america. legal is most important. Next half year depends on market. 2 - 4 EH

6. How to deal with self mining BTC?

Wish to long term hold BTC. No plan to sell or trade it.



